#
# Predefined groff symbols for textual fonts.
#
a a
b b
c c
d d
e e
f f
g g
h h
i i
j j
k k
l l
m m
n n
o o
p p
q q
r r
s s
t t
u u
v v
w w
x x
y y
z z
A A
B B
C C
D D
E E
F F
G G
H H
I I
J J
K K
L L
M M
N N
O O
P P
Q Q
R R
S S
T T
U U
V V
W W
X X
Y Y
Z Z
AE AE
Aacute 'A
Acircumflex ^A
Adieresis :A
Agrave `A
Aring oA
Atilde ~A
Cacute 'C
Ccedilla ,C
Eacute 'E
Ecircumflex ^E
Edieresis :E
Egrave `E
Eth -D
Euro Eu
IJ IJ
Iacute 'I
Icircumflex ^I
Idieresis :I
Ifraktur Im
Igrave `I
Lslash /L
Ntilde ~N
OE OE
Oacute 'O
Ocircumflex ^O
Odieresis :O
Ograve `O
Oslash /O
Otilde ~O
Rfraktur Re
Scaron vS
Thorn TP
Uacute 'U
Ucircumflex ^U
Udieresis :U
Ugrave `U
Yacute 'Y
Ydieresis :Y
Zcaron vZ
aacute 'a
acircumflex ^a
acute aa
adieresis :a
ae ae
agrave `a
angle /_
angleleft la
angleright ra
aleph Ah
ampersand &
approxequal ~~
aring oa
arrowboth <>
arrowdblboth hA
arrowdbldown dA
arrowdblleft lA
arrowdblright rA
arrowdblup uA
arrowdown da
arrowleft <-
arrowright ->
arrowup ua
arrowupdn va
asciicircum ha
asciitilde ti
asterisk *
asteriskmath **
at @
at at
atilde ~a
backslash \
backslash rs
bar ba
bar |
bell bs
braceleft lC
braceleft {
braceright rC
braceright }
bracketleft [
bracketleft lB
bracketright ]
bracketright rB
breve ab
brokenbar bb
bullet bu
cacute 'c
caron ah
ccedilla ,c
cedilla ac
cent ct
checkmark OK
circle ci
circlemultiply c*
circleplus c+
circumflex a^
circumflex ^
colon :
comma ,
congruent =~
copyright co
currency Cs
dagger dg
daggerdbl dd
degree de
dieresis ad
dollar $
dollar Do
dotaccent a.
dotlessi .i
dotlessj .j
dotmath md
eacute 'e
ecircumflex ^e
edieresis :e
egrave `e
eight 8
element mo
emdash em
emptyset es
endash en
equal =
equalmath eq
equivalence ==
eth Sd
exclam !
exclamdown r!
existential te
ff ff
ffi Fi
ffl Fl
fi fi
five 5
fl fl
florin Fn
four 4
germandbls ss
gradient gr
grave ga
greater >
greaterequal >=
guillemotleft Fo
guillemotright Fc
guilsinglleft fo
guilsinglright fc
handleft lh
handright rh
hbar -h
hungarumlaut a"
hyphen -
hyphen hy
iacute 'i
icircumflex ^i
idieresis :i
igrave `i
ij ij
infinity if
integral is
intersection ca
less <
lessequal <=
logicaland AN
logicalnot no
logicalor OR
lozenge lz
lslash /l
macron a-
minus \-
minusplus -+
minute fm
mu mc
nine 9
notelement nm
notequal !=
notequivalence ne
notpropersuperset nc
notsubset nb
ntilde ~n
numbersign #
numbersign sh
oacute 'o
ocircumflex ^o
odieresis :o
oe oe
ogonek ho
ograve `o
one 1
onehalf 12
onequarter 14
onesuperior S1
ordfeminine Of
ordmasculine Om
oslash /o
otilde ~o
paragraph ps
parenleft (
parenright )
partialdiff pd
percent %
period .
periodcentered pc
perthousand %0
perpendicular pp
plus +
plusmath pl
propersubset sb
propersuperset sp
proportional pt
question ?
questiondown r?
quotedbl "
quotedbl dq
quotedblbase Bq
quotedblleft lq
quotedblright rq
quoteleft `
quoteleft oq
quoteright '
quoteright cq
quotesingle aq
quotesinglbase bq
reflexsubset ib
reflexsuperset ip
registered rg
ring ao
scaron vs
second sd
section sc
semicolon ;
seven 7
similar ap
similarequal ~=
six 6
slash /
slash sl
square sq
sterling Po
therefore 3d
therefore tf
thorn Tp
three 3
threequarters 34
threesuperior S3
tilde a~
tilde ~
trademark tm
two 2
twosuperior S2
uacute 'u
ucircumflex ^u
udieresis :u
ugrave `u
underscore _
union cu
universal fa
weierstrass wp
yacute 'y
ydieresis :y
yen Ye
zcaron vz
zero 0
fraction f/
club CL
diamond DI
heart HE
spade SP
carriagereturn CR
suchthat st
bracelefttp bracelefttp
braceleftmid braceleftmid
braceleftbt braceleftbt
braceex braceex
braceex bracerightex
braceex braceleftex
braceex barex
bracerighttp bracerighttp
bracerightmid bracerightmid
bracerightbt bracerightbt
parenlefttp parenlefttp
parenleftbt parenleftbt
parenleftex parenleftex
parenrighttp parenrighttp
parenrightbt parenrightbt
parenrightex parenrightex
bracketlefttp bracketlefttp
bracketleftbt bracketleftbt
bracketleftex bracketleftex
bracketrighttp bracketrighttp
bracketrightbt bracketrightbt
bracketrightex bracketrightex
radical sr
radicalex radicalex
approxequal ~=
bracketlefttp lc
bracketleftbt lf
bracketrighttp rc
bracketrightbt rf
bracelefttp lt
braceleftmid lk
braceleftbt lb
braceex bv
bracerighttp rt
bracerightmid rk
bracerightbt rb
summation sum
product product
arrowvertex arrowvertex
arrowhorizex an
multiply tmu
divide tdi
plusminus t+-
